♪ (music playing) ♪
Narrator: Ladies and
gentleman the President of
the United States and
Mrs. Michelle Obama.
(applause)
The President:
Hello, hello, hello.
Thank you.
Everybody have a seat.
Well, you can tell what
kind of night this is.
(applause)
That was not the usual
ruffles and flourishes.
That was not John Philip
Sousa right there.
(laughter)
This must be a BET event.
(applause)
Hello, everybody.
Audience Members: Hello.
The President: Welcome
to the White House.
(applause)
Female Speaker:
We love you.
The President:
I love you back.
That's why we're
having this concert.
So, over the past eight
years Michelle and I have
set aside nights like this
to honor and celebrate the
music that has
shaped America.
And it's with a little bit
of bitter sweetness that
this is our final musical
evening as President
and First Lady.
I know.
It's going to
be all right.
(laughter)
(applause)
It's going to
be all right.
And I want to thank BET
for helping us out tonight
to throw a great party.
(applause)
It's no secret that
Michelle and I love music,
and we try to share our
passion with the
rest of the country.
But it is important to
note we are not the first
occupants of this house
to fill it with music.
The truth is that
throughout history, the
White House has celebrated
the new and innovative.
It's even been a little
edgy once in a while.
President Chester A.
Arthur was ahead of his
time in inviting the
all-black Fisk
Jubilee Singers.
And their performance
moved him to tears.
(applause)
Teddy Roosevelt welcomed
Scott Joplin because his
daughter wanted to
hear that new jazz.
And then, guests of the
Kennedys apparently did
the twist in the East
Room, which may not sound
like a big deal to you,
but that was sort of the
twerking of their time.
(laughter)
It was --
(applause)
-- it was bold.
There will also be
no twerking tonight.
(laughter)
At least, not by me.
I don't know about Usher.
(laughter)
But it makes sense because
this is the people's
house, and it ought to
reflect the amazing
diversity, and the
imagination, and the
incredible ingenuity that
defines the American people.
And while much of the
music that you will hear
this evening -- gospel,
R&B, rap, is rooted in the
African American
experience, it's not
just black music.
This is an essential
part of the
American experience.
(applause)
It's a mirror to who we
are, and a reminder
of who we can be.
So, with that, I'm
going to stop talking.
Are you ready
to get started?
(applause)
If so, give it up for
our first performer the
amazing, the
lovely Jill Scott.
(applause)
Jill Scott: This song I'm
about to do is dedicated
to all the working
mothers, working wives.
Working women
of the world.
Hello, ladies
and gentlemen!
(applause)
Baby, Mama be back in a
minute/Gotta hustle and
handle my business/I'll be
right back when I'm done/I
gotta run run run run/I'm
superwoman/Flying through
the city/There's only one
way to make baby go and
get it/Overworked.
Underpaid./Lord
knows I need a raise
But when I walk by the
guys say/Baby, do you
wanna go for a ride?
/You can cruise on down
405/cause it looks like
you could be the one./I
gotta run run run
run/Baby, Gotta put food
on the table/Mama's
workin' and you know
mama's able/I'll be right
back when I'm done/I
gotta run run run run
Me, oh my/Me, myself and
I/And my baby/I tell no
lie/I try for my
baby/Every night/I pray
for my baby Oh.
I swim the deepest sea./I
climb the highest mountain
for you,
baby/Anything, oh --
Somebody just put your
hands together, would you now?
Mama's gonna be there when
you're.../Mama's gonna be
there when you're down/I
love you, baby/But now, I
gotta run run run run run
run run run run run run
run/Baby .
(applause)
Thank you, ladies
and gentlemen.
Can I get one more?
Okay.
Now, we get loose.
I'm taking my
freedom,/Pulling it off
the shelf,/Putting it on
my chain,/Wear it around
my neck,/I'm taking my
freedom,/Putting it in my
car,/Wherever I choose to
go,/It will take me far/
I'm livin' my life like
it's golden/Livin' my life
like it's golden/Livin'
my life like it's
golden/Livin' my life like
it's golden/Livin' my
life, my life, my life
I'm holding onto my own
freedom/Putting it in my
song,/Singing loud and
strong,/Grooving all day
long,/I'm taking my
freedom,/Putting it in my
stroll/I'll be
high-steppin' y'all/
Livin' my life like it's
golden/Freedom/Livin' my
life like it's
golden/Livin' my life like
it's important/like it
matters/ life get's
better/ life get's better/
Livin' my life my life
like it is golden/ Like
it's golden/like it's
important/ like it
matters/ life gets
blessed/ livin' life
like it's golden, golden
Freedom./ I'm freedom/
livin' my life like it's
golden/ like it's
important/ like it
matters/ life get's
blessed/ like it's my own.
(applause)
Narrator: BET presents
Love and Happiness: An
Obama Celebration.
We will return with our
hosts, Regina Hall and
Terence Jade as they take
us through a night of
spectacular performances,
from Common, Usher, the
Roots, Leslie Odom Jr.,
Janelle Monae, De La Soul,
Jill Scott, Yolanda Adams,
BBD, Michelle Williams,
and Kierra Sheard, plus
special moments from
Samuel L. Jackson,
Jesse Williams,
Bradley Cooper,
and Angela Bassett.
It's a celebration you
don't want to miss.
From the White House South
Lawn, BET presents Love
and Happiness: An
Obama Celebration.
And now, please welcome
your hosts, Regina Hall
and Terence Jade.
(applause)
Terence Jade: Thank you
for having us as your
hosts for this most
important evening.
Love and Happiness, a
musical experience.
You look amazing, Regina.
Regina Hall: Thank
you, Terence.
Terence Jade: Thank you.
Regina Hall: We are so
honored to be here.
Everything about this
first family is historic.
And the BET Network felt
that you deserve an event
to celebrate you for
everything that you have
given us the
last eight years.
And of course, for
your love of music.
Terence Jade: Being able
to call you Mr. President
for two terms, I think I
can speak for everyone.
It's filled us with
enormous pride.
(applause)
As I stand here with
everyone, you can feel it.
(applause)
This standing ovation
takes me back, and reminds
me of some words I heard
back in the day, from the
late great Tupac who said
"We ain't ready for a
black president."
Regina Hall: Eight years
later, there are children
who have only known
a black man --
(applause)
-- as President of
the United States.
Terence Jade: We were
talking about that back
in the dressing room.
That's no small thing.
You know, these children
-- no matter where they
are on the planet, have a
radically different idea
of what you a world leader
can be, and that's
because of you, sir.
It's kind of a
bittersweet occasion.
Regina Hall: Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Terence Jade: We're
really going to miss you.
I mean, this is worse
than -- like, this is --
Regina Hall: Well, this is
actually worse than when
BET replaced Free and AJ.
That was devastating.
(laughter)
Terence Jade: Whoa --
Regina Hall: That
was devastating.
Terence Jade: No,
Regina, that --
Regina Hall: Devastating.
Terence Jade: Regina, you
know, if I can recall, you
know, the people that came
after, they were
pretty awesome, too.
You remember --
Regina Hall: Nah.
No, no, no.
I love you, Terence.
Terence Jade: I love
you, too, Regina.
I love you, too.
But seriously, Mr.
President, you entered
the White House a dreamer,
and unbelievably, after
all you've seen, you're
leaving the office more
optimistic than you
were when you entered.
Regina Hall: For you, sir,
hope was never a slogan,
but a fundamental
philosophy.
A world view.
And we are stronger as a
nation because
of your leadership.
Thank you.
(applause)
Terence Jade:
What a night.
What a room.
Time to jump
into the show.
As you could see --
Regina Hall: Yeah.
Terence Jade: -- tonight
will be an
evening like none other.
Please welcome to the
stage -- he wanted me to
introduce him this way.
Regina Hall: Okay.
Terence Jade: The highest
grossing box office
movie star of all
time, Samuel L. Jackson.
(applause)
♪ (music playing) ♪
Samuel L. Jackson: Well, well, well.
So, you want
to leave, huh?
(laughter)
Just can't take
it no more?
I get it.
You're a better
man than me, sir.
You really care about us
and the American people,
and we applaud
you for that.
(applause)
You have been through a
lot, and you've always
remained so cool.
See, I once played a
character named Jules --
(laughter)
-- in a little movie
called Pulp Fiction.
Now, that was a man
with ice in his veins.
But after your time in
the White House, sir?
You put Jules to shame.
Ain't nobody
cooler than you.
You been through
the wringer.
We watched.
Conspiracy theories.
Birth certificates.
Congressional obstruction.
They even criticized
you for swatting a fly.
A fly!
A fly.
But even as they got mad,
you just kept at it.
And for eight years, you
kept your word, and your calm.
You are the
epitome of cool.
(applause)
Our next performer is
another cool cat, and also
the first rapper that ever
performed on television
from the White House.
Please welcome Common.
(applause)
Common: The President and
the First Lady are the
leaders of the people.
We have no President that
stood up for the people
the way our President has.
This is street radio for
unsung heroes/Ridin' in
they Regal, tryin' to stay
legal/My daughter found
Nemo, I found the new
Primo/Yeah, you know how
we do - we do it
for the people
From Englewood to a single
hood in Botswana/I see the
"I" in "We," yours is my
drama/Standin' in front of
the judge with no
honor/Barack stick, knight
the people like Obama/The
karma of the streets is
needs and takes/Sometimes
we find peace in beats and
breaks/Put the bang in
the back so the seats can
shake/Rebel Cadillac music
for the people's sake
Now I'm on the rise,
doin' business with my
guys/Visions realized,
music affected lives/A
gift from the skies to be
recognized/I'm keeping my
eyes on the people:
that's the prize
Yeah, yeah.
You know the days have
come/Because of you, you
know that we are one/Yeah.
Just take your time,
everybody just take your
time./You da bomb/Your
light will shine.
I get down.
Go ladies.
I never knew a luh,
luh-luh, a love like
this/Gotta be something
for me to write
this/Queen, I ain't seen
you in a minute/Wrote this
letter, and finally decide
to send it/Signed, sealed,
delivered, for us to grow
together/Love has no
limit, let's spend it slow
forever/I know your heart
is weathered by what studs
did to you/I ain't gon'
assault them, I did it
too/Because of you,
feelings I handle with
care/Brothers recognize
the light/But they can't
handle the glare/Hey, I
ain't the type to walk
around with matching
shirts/If relationship is
effort I will match your
work/I want to be the one
to make you happiest/And
hurt you the most/They
say the end is near, come
close/To the most
high/Regardless of what
happen, on Him let's rely.
Chorus: There are times --
Common: Yeah,
sing it, you all.
Chorus: -- when
you need someone.
Common: Everybody sing.
Chorus: I will
be by your side.
Common: Yeah, yeah.
Let them know about
the light White House.
Chorus: There is a
light that shines --
Common: How it shines.
Chorus: --
special for you.
Common: Hey,
break it down.
Break it down so
they can do it.
I need you all to sing.
Audience Members: There
are times when
you need someone.
I will be by your side.
Common: Yeah, yeah.
Let them know about
the lights, you all.
Come on.
Audience Members: There
is a light that shines --
Common: How it shines?
Audience Members: --
special for you and me.
Common: God bless.
(applause)
Yolanda Adams: One day
when the glory comes/It
will be ours, it will be
ours/Oh one day when the
war is won/We will be
sure, we will be sure/Oh glory
(Glory, glory)
Oh (glory)
Common: Hands to the
Heavens, no man, no
weapon/Formed against, yes
glory is destined/Every
day women and men become
legends/Sins that go
against our skin become
blessings/The movement is
a rhythm to us/Freedom
is like religion to
us/Justice is
juxtapositionin'
us/Justice for all just
ain't specific enough/One
son died, his spirit is
revisitin' us/Truant
livin' livin' in us,
resistance is us/That's
why Rosa sat on the
bus/That's why we walk
through Ferguson with our
hands up/When it go down
we woman and man up/They
say, "Stay down", and we
stand up/Shots, we on the
ground, the camera panned
up/King pointed to the
mountain top and we ran up
Yolanda Adams: One day
when the glory comes/It
will be ours, it will be
ours/Oh one day when the
war is won/We will be
sure, we will be sure/Oh glory
(Glory, glory)
Oh (Glory, glory)
Now the war is not over,
and the victory isn't
won/But we'll fight on to
the finish, and when it's
all said and done/We'll
cry glory, oh glory
(Glory, glory)
Oh (Glory, glory)
/We'll cry glory, oh glory
Common: Selma's now for
every man, woman and
child/Even Jesus got
his crown in front of a
crowd/They marched with
the torch, we gon' run
with it now/Never look
back, we done gone
hundreds of miles/From
dark roads he rose, to
become a hero/Facin' the
league of justice, his
power was the people/Enemy
is lethal, a king became
regal/Saw the face of
Jim Crow under a bald
eagle/The biggest weapon
is to stay peaceful/We
sing, our music is the
cuts that we bleed
through/Somewhere in
the dream we had an
epiphany/Now we right the
wrongs in history/No one
can win the war
individually/It takes the
wisdom of the elders
and young people's
energy/Welcome to the
story we call victory/The
comin' of the Lord, my
eyes have seen the glory
Yolanda Adams: One day
when the glory comes/It
will be ours, it will be
ours/One day when the
glory comes/It will
be ours, it will be
Glory, glory, glory,
glory, glory, glory.
One day.
Common: Yolanda Adams.
Yolanda Adams: Common.
Narrator: You're watching
BET's Love and Happiness:
An Obama Celebration.
Up next: Jesse Williams
shares some important
words, and Janelle Monae
gives an
electrifying performance.
(applause)
Regina Hall: Ladies and
gentlemen, from the hit
show, Grey's Anatomy, or
you probably remember him
as the humanitarian
recipient from the BET
Awards, please
welcome Jesse L. Williams.
(applause)
Jesse L. Williams: And
another thing.
All right, not tonight.
I'm not going to
do anything crazy.
Tonight is an incredible
night for all of us.
(applause)
It's a big deal.
It's an opportunity for
all of us to be thankful
for a few things
in our lives.
Take a break, share
some gratitude.
And in these last few
months, with you guys in
the White House, I'd just
like to publicly thank the
Obamas for being such a
great and lasting source
of pride for all of us.
(applause)
Now, we live in a country
so long committed to
dictating our potential
based on trivialities,
like skin color, and
gender, and orientation,
and faith.
And we just want to tell
you that we get it.
We know.
We know, all too well,
that despite arguably
irrational hope and
patriotism and pledges of
allegiance, we understand
what you endure, and we
appreciate the model that
you set, and the ceilings
that you break --
(applause)
-- demonstrating the
value of leadership, of
preparation, of
fatherhood, and
dignity -- uphill.
Well, now, while none of
us can be expected to
agree with everything a
leader does, we always
have been inspired by your
intelligence and your
grace throughout, and that
you brought directly
to this office.
(applause)
Now, your legacy is still
being written, and I, for
one, believe that you may
have an even greater path
ahead of you, reaching
back into the communities
where you began, pounding
the pavement for working
people in this country.
Our young folks are
watching, and they are
setting their
goals accordingly.
Toughness and temerity.
Calm and collected,
intellectual, daring, and
decency -- the examples
that we set, they matter,
and we thank
you for yours.
(applause)
Our next performer, one of
the few beautiful people
who made it onto the
President's official
playlist -- my mix tape
hadn't dropped yet, so I
missed the deadline
-- technicality.
Please welcome the one,
the only, Miss Janelle Monae.
(applause)
Janelle Monae:
Mr. President.
At this point,
we're family.
I love you, First Lady.
I remember singing this
song, and you've given me
hope, like the hope you
had in your eyes when you
became the President of
the United States of America.
You saw the future.
Thank you.
Smile, though your heart
is aching, smile/Even
though it's breaking/When
there are clouds, in the
sky you'll get by/If you
smile, through all fear
and sorrow/Smile and may
be tomorrow/You'll find
the sun come shining
through for you
Light up your face, with
gladness/Hide every
trace of sadness
Although a tear may be
ever so near/'Cause that's
the time you must keep on
trying/Smile, what's the
use of crying/You'll find
that life is still worth
while/If you, my
darling, smile, smile, smile
(applause)
But you didn't
just stay here.
You were on the camping
trails, and I remember you
saying these words.
"You can't get too high.
You can't get too low."
So, I wrote a song about
it, and it's called Tightrope.
Are you all ready
for the Tightrope?
(applause)
Are you ready?
One, two, three.
Whoa/Another day/I
take your pain away
Some people talk about
ya/Like they know all
about ya/When you get down
they doubt ya/And when you
tippin' on the scene/Yeah
they talkin' bout
it/'Cause they can't tip
all on the scene with
ya/Talk about
it/T-t-t-talk bout it/When
you get elevated/They love
it or they hate it/You
dance up on them
haters/Keep getting funky
on the scene/While they
jumpin' round ya/They
trying to take all your
dreams/But you can't allow it
'Cause baby whether I'm
high or low/Baby, whether
I'm high or low/I
gotta tip on the
tightrope/T-t-t-tip
on the tightrope
tightrope/Baby, baby,
whether I'm high or
low/Baby, whether I'm
high or low/Tip on the
tightrope/Now let me see
you do the tightrope/And
I'm still tippin' on it
See I'm not walkin' on
it/Or tryin' to run around
it/This ain't no
acrobatics/You either
follow or you lead,
yeah/I'm talkin' bout
you/Or keep on blaming the
machine, yeah I'm talkin'
bout it/T-t-t-talkin' bout
it/I can't complain about
it/I gotta keep my
balance/And just keep
dancin' on it/We gettin'
funky on the scene/Yeah
you know about it/Like a
star on the screen/Watch
me tip all on it
Because baby whether I'm
high or low/Whether I'm
high or low, I gotta tip
on the tightrope, yeah,
yeah, yeah/Baby, whether
I'm high or low/I'm gonna
tip on the tightrope/Now
watch me tip on the tightrope
You can't get too high/I
said you can't get too
low/'Cause you get too
high/No you'll surely be
low/Now, now, now, shut up
Yeah, yeah, yeah/Now, you
shut up, yeah/Ladies and
gentlemen the funkiest
horn section
in/The White House
(applause)
And we call that
classy brass/
♪ (music playing) ♪
you got to stay on the
scene/One more time/One
more one more one more
time/One more time/One
more time/One more
time/One more time
(applause)
Tightrope, oh, yeah
♪ (music playing) ♪
I said I said
/ I said he always stayed
on the scene/He stayed on
that tightrope,
y'all
(applause)
Narrator: Our celebration
is just getting started.
When we return, Hamilton's
Leslie Odom Junior gives a
special tribute
to the President.
Plus, a show-stopping
performance from BBD.
It's BET's Love and
Happiness:
An Obama Celebration.
(applause)
Terence Jade: Ladies and
gentlemen, from the hit
Broadway musical,
Hamilton, please welcome
Leslie Odom Jr.
(applause)
Leslie Odom
Junior: Thank you.
Mr. President, Mrs. Obama,
on behalf of the entire
Broadway company of
Hamilton, thank you so
much for your
support of our show.
Your legacy, I'm sure,
will warrant a musical in
the next 100 years.
I'm positive about that.
Now, I may not be around
to perform it then, so is
it cool if I try
some of it now?
Okay.
I wrote a little
something.
Adam, okay.
Barack Obama: The Musical.
He is the son of an
immigrant from Kenya/and
the woman from Wichita
dropped in the middle of a
phenomenon in the
spot/State 50, swifty
shifty, lifting trees
upon cool debris of
calm/Organizing the
senator, he went through
the door and whoa/Is that
great speech in 2004/And
whoa, world began to
really pay attention to
the top spot could be
his/The people started to
mention/And then there's
Michelle, she's ride or
die/An amazing woman,
right there by his
side/And we watched as his
hope grew/And in two and
two for the office of the
President/Uh-oh, guess
who/Barack Hussein Obama,
Barack Hussein Obama/ life
filled with drama/But man,
we love you like a mama --
Okay, I'm still
working on it.
I'm going to get Lin to
punch it up, I promise.
(applause)
It will be better.
It will be
better than that.
But in all sincerity,
if I could, I think the
hallmark of your
presidency has been grace,
and this song
speaks to that.
May God's bless and keep
you always/May your wishes
all come true/May you
always do for others/And
let others do for you/May
you build a ladder to the
stars/And climb on every
rung/May you stay/Forever
young/And may you
stay forever young
May your hands always be
busy/May your feet always
be swift/May you have a
strong foundation/When the
winds of changes shift/May
your heart always be
joyful/May your song
always be sung/And may you
stay/Forever young/And may
you stay forever young
(applause)
Terence Jade:
Unbelievable.
And please, give it up for
our musical director, Adam
Blackstone and the
BBE all-star band.
Amazing job.
(applause)
All right.
We're going to
take things back.
Now, the first movie date.
Do the right thing, right?
And then, shortly
thereafter, I'm sure there
was a night of
dancing, right?
The turn up started
early, right?
Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome to stage some guys
that get down
like no other.
Ricky Bell, Michael
Bivins, and Ronnie DeVoe,
otherwise known as BBD.
BBD: It's driving me out
of my mind That's why it's
hard for me to find Can't
get it outta my head Miss
her, kiss her, love
her, wrong move you're
dead/That girl is poison
Pump your fists,
like this.
Here we go.
Pump your fists,
like this.
What's the name of
this jam, you all?
Poison, yeah.
It's
♪ (music playing) ♪
at the White
House, you all.
Michael Bivins:
You ready, Ron?
Ronnie DeVoe: I'm ready.
Michael Bivins:
You ready, Rick?
Ricky Bell: I
think I'm ready.
I'm over here like --
Girl I must warn you I
sense something strange in
my mind/Situation is
serious/Let's cure it
'cause we're running out
of time/Mm mm tell 'em
Rick it's all so
beautiful/Relationships
they seem from the
start/Yeah mm mm it's all
so deadly/When love is not
together from the heart
It's driving me out of my
mind/That's why it's hard
for me to find/Can't get
it outta my head/Miss her,
kiss her, love her, wrong
move you're dead/That girl
is poison/Never trust a
big butt and
smile/That girl is poison
If I were you I'd take
precaution/Before I start
to leave fly girl/You
know 'cause in some
portions/You'll think
she's the best
thing in the world
She's so fly, she'll drive
you right out of your
mind/Steal your heart when
you're blind/Beware she's
schemin', she'll
make you think you're
dreamin'/You'll fall
in love and you'll be
screamin' dreamin'/Poison
deadly moving it
slow/Looking for a mellow
fellow like DeVoe/Getting
paid laid so better lay
low/Schemin' on hots my
end the pro show/The low
pro hot should be cut like
an afro/See what you're
sayin' huh/She's weighin'
but I know she's a loser
Give it up, you all.
You all, pump your fists.
Pump your fists like this.
Pump your fists.
Are you all
ready to dance?
Come on.
Ricky Bell: Hey, yo, Adam.
You got that baseline?
I was at the bar shake
shakin' takin' 'em off/And
that night I played the
wall/Checkin' out the
fellas the highs the
lows/Keepin' one eye open
still clockin' 'em/Still
one particular girl that
stood out from the
rest/Poison as can be how
how is she/Michael me and
see and I'm runnin' the show.
Audience Members:
Bell Biv DeVoe.
BBD: Say what, you all?
Hands up, you all.
Help me sing this song.
It's driving me
out of my mind.
Sing it, you all.
Audience Members: That's
why it's hard for me to find.
BBD: Can't get it outta my
head/Miss her, kiss her,
love her.
Thank you so much
for having us.
Thank you, guys.
Thank you, all.
We love you all.
(applause)
Narrator: BET's Love
and Happiness: An Obama
Celebration will return
with some beautiful words
from Angela Bassett, plus
Kierra Sheard, Michelle
Williams, and Yolanda
Adams take us
to Sunday service.
Don't move.
And now, please welcome
Angela Bassett.
Angela Bassett: I kind of
know what it's like to be
married to a man who's a
big deal when you're a
pretty big deal yourself.
To be married to a man
who's dedicated his life
to something bigger than
himself, who's committed
to making the world a
better place, is to live a
life that looks beyond
your own love for each
other, and to imagine a
future beyond your
own lives together,
Mrs. Obama.
(applause)
You have been a beacon of
light these past eight years.
You have been a paragon of
dignity in the face of the
worst kind of politics --
in the face of a tax on
obstruction, you have been
a steady reminder that the
high road is the only
road worth taking.
(applause)
Your marriage, your
out-loud love for one
another has inspired young
people to look to one
another, even as they look
out at the challenges that
they must face, and the
world that they
must transform.
I don't have the words to
say how much I'm going to
miss the elegance, the
glamour, the easy intimacy
with which you have
faced challenges.
I am comforted by the
knowledge that you will
belong to us as much as
you belong to each
other for all time.
(applause)
And here, now, to
celebrate the blessing of
love in this absolutely
highest form, accompanied
by the Reginald Golden
Singers, please welcome
Kierra Sheard, Michelle
Williams, and Yolanda Adams.
(applause)
♪ (music playing) ♪
Michelle Williams:
Come on, everybody up.
If you need a blessing,
praise the Lord/
(Praise Him)
/If you need an answer,
praise the Lord/
(Praise Him)
When you praise him
everything must change/For
my God inhabits the praise
Yolanda Adams: With that
free I'm going to clap my
hands because He's been
good/I'm going to do my
dance because
He's been amazing.
I'm gonna live my
life with his Lord.
Glorious, God is
glorious/Wonderful, yes,
He's wonderful/Marvelous,
yes, He's marvelous
Praise the lord.
Kierra Sheard: Don't stop
praising/Keep on singing
♪ (music playing) ♪
, oh glory/ oh what a
mighty God/ He saves/
♪ (music playing) ♪
/ Prince of peace/
Praise the Lord
Yolanda Adams: Put your
hands together/Put your
hands together
We're going to go to
Chicago right about now.
Is that okay?
Michelle is going to tell
us how Jesus can work it out.
Michelle Williams:
Yes, ma'am.
Yolanda Adams: You ready?
Michelle Williams: Yes.
Yolanda Adams: Come on.
Michelle Williams: Jesus/
(Jesus can work it out)
If you let Him,
follow Jesus
(Jesus can work it out)
That problem that I had/I
just couldn't seem to
solve, I tried and I
tried, But I kept gettin'
deeper involved
So I turned it over to
Jesus, And I stopped
worryin' about it, Gave
it over to the Lord,
(He worked it out)
Oh, Jesus, oh, Jesus,That
habit that I had,
(I had)
I just couldn't
seem to break
(To break)
I prayed and I prayed/
(I prayed)
But I thought
it'd be too late
(Too late)
So I turned it
over to Jesus
(Jesus)
And I stopped
worryin' about it
(About it)
And I stopped
worryin' about it
(About it)
And I stopped
worryin' about it
(About it)
Oh yeah, he worked it out
Yolanda Adams: Oh, Jesus
can if you let him, Can if
you let him/But
you've got to let him Jesus
(Jesus can work it out)
what are you trying to figure out, He's already worked it
out, He's the one
that can work it
♪ (music playing) ♪
He's already worked
it out already --
Hey, come on.
Already.
Come on.
Come on, come on.
Already.
Work it out.
(applause)
♪ (music playing) ♪
Narrator: When we return,
Bradley Cooper reminds us
of some special moments
during the Obama
presidency, and the
legendary Roots crew team
up with hip-hop
veterans De La Soul.
Plus, Usher performs.
You're watching BET's Love
and Happiness:
An Obama Celebration.
Regina Hall: Ladies and
gentlemen, introducing one
of our favorite actors --
Terence Jade: Please
welcome Bradley Cooper.
(applause)
Bradley Cooper: Where were
you when Barack Obama was
elected President in 2008?
Because there was an
infectious magic that made
its way around the
world and the country.
I remember, I was with
you two in Missouri, in a
football field, in a
tent two days
before the election.
It was an honor.
On the actual day, I was
shooting Hangover one.
We were in a hospital in
Los Angeles, and then Zach
Galifianakis and I walked
around Venice afterwards.
And we just watched
everybody get out of the
house, and honking
horns, and celebrating.
(applause)
Where were you in 2012?
We were shooting
Hangover three.
(laughter)
I'm not kidding.
In Las Vegas, it was
Mr. Chow's suite, and he
was having a party when
the results were coming
in, and we kept rushing in
to look at the television.
So, if we make Hangover
four, you'll stay?
Because I'll get the wolf
pack back together right
now, and make it happen.
(applause)
That moment --
many other moments.
There are so many moments
that have marked your
presidency -- moments that
are etched into my mind
and all of your minds.
And I could say, I
remember where I was,
what was happening when
that moment happened.
Thank you.
I love you.
(applause)
And on that note, it's
my honor to introduce
hometown heroes, Philly's
legendary the Roots crew.
Roots: ♪ (music playing) ♪
sounds of the legendary
hardworking, foundation,
roots crew from
Philadelphia P.A.
please stand.
Here comes the hot
music/the hot music/the
hot music/the
hot hot music.
Listen.
You go one, two.
One, two.
That's how we usually
start, once again it's the
thought, It's the Philly
Dalai Lama of the mic, the
prime minister
thought, This directed to
whoever in listening
range, The whole state of
things in the world bout
to change Black rain
fallin' from the sky look
strange, The ghetto is red
hot, we steppin' on
flames, Yo, it's inflation
on the price for fame, and
it was all the same, but
then the antidote came, The
Black Thought, ill
syllablist, out the
Fifth, This heavyweight rap
shit I'm about to
lift, Like a phylum lift up
its seed to sunlight,When
I plug in the mic, draw
like a gunfight,But I
never use a cordless, or
stand applaudless,Sippin'
cholorophyll out of ill
silver goblets,I'm like
a faucet, monopoly's the
object,Ain't no way to cut
this tap, you got to get
wet,Your head is throbbin'
but I ain't said shit
yet,The Roots crew,
the next movement
♪ (music playing) ♪
Stop what you're doin'
and, set it in motion, it's
the next movement, You
listeners, stop what
you're doin' and, set it
in motion, it's the next
movement we deliver this
stop what your ding and
set it off and we go here
come the hot music, the
hot music, the hot hot
music, hot music, Hey yo,
for real, for real, Listen,
the formation of words to
fit, That's what I usually
disturb you with, You all
never heard of this, I
know half the time it
is, You doubt the
Illa-Fifth, what
could you accomplish?
Whether they skywriting
your name, or you
anonymous, You be
speechless, with stinging
sinuses, The Roots royal
highnesses through
your monitors
♪ (music playing) ♪
Shinin' like a rugged
amethyst, At your music
conference, I'm
the panelist
♪ (music playing) ♪
jamming like an analsyt
See if you can
hand this off.
You got the cool M.C. boo yeah
White House Boogey, yeah, WHite House Boogey, uh huh,
White House Boogey, yeah, White House Boogey uh get
down, White House Boogey, White House Boogey, Pick
it up, White House Boogey Daddy Daddy
Ladies and gentlemen.
Please put your hands
together for my good
friends and brothers.
This is De La Soul.
Hello, Mr. Soul
♪ (music playing) ♪
with the whole control --
Hold up.
Wait a minute.
Oh, hey.
Check it out.
It's like this y'all, it's
like that, See,
this is the way.
This is the way.
This is the
way we organize
Yo, I speak divine of God
theories, no need to be
high, Always exhale the
facts cause I don't inhale
lie, Play the greater man's
game, to bounce off my
loss, So I can earn the
acres the houses and the
horses, Of course it's much
greater than your Benx or
your Lex, The engine to my
comprehension this is too
complex, uh-huh, Much too
complex, effects be live
like Das, Making moves
down South, to avoid the
bull, And never, flaunt the
coin 'cause dime-getters
be gazin', They call me
Luther Van, they say my
style is so amazin', Fazin'
those who're supposed to
have the last laugh, Even
when I'm gone I'm
reappearin' in the af', I
have to, send respects to
real money makers, Do not
connect us with those
champagne hoes, Taste the
quarter pound from here to
New York, Don't swine,
don't eat no pork Who am you?
The D to the A the V to
the E and can't nobody
kick it like these three
MCs I'm the B-L-U the G to
the 1 I walk around the
planet making money
money having fun.
And I'm the C to the O
double M - O -N I see and
think with a drink about
how I am going to win.
The C to O double M-O-N
I'm from the city of win
y'all Now, now, now You
wanna be an MC, but do you
want to serve, do
you wanna be dope
(say what)
or do you want to
♪ (music playing) ♪
king of the crillit, I
feel it, I'm the style,
♪ (music playing) ♪
, we have self control of
our destiny, and the best of,
♪ (music playing) ♪
Take it down like rec Lou
Gainess, whether be at the
White House than at the
♪ (music playing) ♪
At one point in time
I thought I lost my
direction, then I
got it back with
the resurrection,
♪ (music playing) ♪
I am the C to the
O double M- O-N
Come on, President
Obama, do it again.
I'm the C to the
O, double M-O-N.
Where I come from y'all
it's the city of win
(c'mon) .
The C to the O
double M-O-N.
I wish you could
do it again.
Let's do it, you all.
Hey, listen.
All right, you all.
We're about to
party, you all.
♪ (music playing) ♪
It's just me, myself, and
I, I want to hear you,
♪ (music playing) ♪
it's just me,
myself, and I.
♪ (music playing) ♪
Hey, it's just
me, myself, and I.
I want to hear
you all singing.
It's just me, myself,
and I, you all.
Everybody.
Hey, it's just
me, myself, and I.
♪ (music playing) ♪
Me, myself, and I.
It's just me,
myself, and I.
♪ (music playing) ♪
I point to everybody in
the crowd and what
you're going to say?
Black is beautiful.
Mirror Mirror on the wall
♪ (music playing) ♪
just me, myself, and I.
One last time.
Sing with us, you all.
♪ (music playing) ♪
Terence Jade: Give it up
ladies and gentlemen
for De La Soul.
We love you Mr.
President, Mrs.
President, first
family, we love you.
Narrator: BET's Love
and Happiness: An Obama
Celebration will return
with more from the Roots
and Jill Scott, plus
Usher takes the stage.
Welcome back to BET's Love
and Happiness:
An Obama Celebration.
And now, a look back at
the remarkable
Presidency of Barack Obama.
(music playing)
The President: Generations
of Americans have
responded with
a simple creed.
Audience Members: (applause)
Male Speaker: An African
American has broken the
barrier as old as the
republic, an astonishing
candidate, an astonishing
campaign, a seismic shift
in American politics.
Audience Members: (applause)
Female Speaker: It is my
great personal honor to
present the 44th President
of these United States,
Barack Obama.
Audience Members: (applause)
The President: You took
this campaign and you made
it your own and you
organized yourselves
starting a movement that
spread across the country;
a movement made up of
young and old, and rich
and poor, and black and
white, Latino, Asian,
Native American, gay,
straight, democrats,
republicans who believe
we've all got something
to contribute.
Audience Members: (applause)
The President: Black
history has been
American history.
African American culture
has profoundly shaped
American culture --
Audience Members: (laughter)
The President: --
and music, and art,
literature, and sports.
Be confident in
your heritage.
Audience Members: (applause)
The President: Be
confident in your blackness.
Past couple months I've
had lunch with the Queen
of England and hosted
Kendrick Lamar in
the Oval Office.
Mrs. Obama: But it's
important for us to
remember that this White
House is committed to
maintaining this openness,
and making this place a
place where all
voices can be heard.
The President: We
are one people.
We are one nation.
Mrs. Obama: It's never
been each person
for themselves.
No, we're all in
this together.
We always have been.
Audience Members: (applause)
The President: We
liberate ourselves when we
liberate others.
We give ourselves
opportunity when we give
other people
opportunities.
Audience Members: (applause)
The President: We benefit
when we see
other people prosper.
Today's leaders are
building a new, inclusive
movement that's mobilizing
people of all backgrounds
to stand up for change.
And with that, I just have
two more words to say,
"Obama out."
Audience Members: (laughter and applause)
Regina Hall:
Oh, God y'all.
We'll never
see this again.
Audience Members: (laughter)
Regina Hall: It
hurts a little bit.
Audience Members: (laughter)
Regina Hall: Okay --
Regina Hall: You saw her
a little earlier when she
opened our show like
no one else could.
Here to perform with
Philly's legendary Roots
crew, are Jill
Scott and Usher.
The Roots: Yeah, yeah.
Jill Scott, start feeling.
Jill Scott: And you
arrived at last.
No matter who I saw, oh.
Walk on my way
to my homies.
If you were
worried about that
♪ (music playing) ♪
The Roots: Somebody told
me that I just playing
with smoke, we used to
live in the same building
on the same floor, We
never member throwing
♪ (music playing) ♪
she in my world like hip hop.
Jill Scott: If you were
worried about that, No
matter who I saw oh,
Walking my way to
with my homies
If you were worried bout
that, No matter who I saw
or, Walking my to with
homies, Baby don't worry,
You know that you got me
The Roots: ♪ (music playing) ♪
Like I was talking to my
sister from New York City,
She says she knows this
ball player and he
think i'm pretty.
♪ (music playing) ♪
Jill Scott: If you are
worried about that, No
matter who I saw or,
♪ (music playing) ♪
don't worry
baby you got me.
If you are worried bout
that, No matter who I saw
or, Walking my way to with
my homies, you
know you got me.
The Roots: ♪ (music playing) ♪
it'd be like.
Usher: If you were worried
bout that, No matter who I
saw or, Walking my way to
with my homies, baby don't
worry, you know
that you got me
If you were worried bout
that, no matter who I saw
oh, Walking --
Male Speaker: Yeah, yeah.
Male Speaker: Put your
hands together, ladies and
gentlemen, for Usher.
Audience Members: (applause)
Usher: Somebody feeling
good right now?
If you're feeling good,
let me hear you
make some noise.
Audience Members: (applause)
Usher: Yeah.
Love and happiness.
We love love
and happiness.
We love it, yeah.
Listen call anything
that came between us.
You were like
my best friend.
The one I used to run and
talk to with me and my girl.
Listen, she used to
say it'll be okay.
Suggested little nice
things that I should do.
And when I go home at
night and lay my head down
all seem to think
about was you.
And now you make me wanna
be the one with, start a
new relationship with you
that's just what you do girl.
You make, you make.
Relationship with you
that's just what you do, girl.
Now what's bad is you're
the one that hooked us up
knowing it should
have been you.
What's sad is
that I love a
♪ (music playing) ♪
Tell me what should I do.
Should I -- tell
my baby bye-bye.
Should I- Do exactly
what I feel inside.
Don't wanna go, don't need
to stay, but I really need
to get it together.
You make me.
Relationship that's
just what you do.
OH no, no.
Baby, you make me.
With you that's just
what you do girl.
At this point the
situations out
of control baby.
Never meant to hurt ya,
but I got to let it go.
She may not understand it,
while all the
things is going on.
Baby I tried, I tried to
fight it, but the feelings
just too strong.
She make me.
You make me.
You make me wanna be the
one with a relationship
with you that's
just what you girl.
♪ (music playing) ♪
Audience Members: (applause)
Narrator: Don't move.
We have more
Usher on the way.
And President Obama
takes the stage.
It's BET's Love and
Happiness:
An Obama Celebration.
Audience Members: (applause)
Terence Jade: You know
what ladies and gentlemen?
BBD said they want to
hear some more Usher.
So let's get right to it.
Give it up one more
time for Usher.
Audience Members: (applause)
♪ (music playing) ♪
Usher: let me hear it
I'm the kind of
brother, Who been doing it
my way, getting my way for
years In my career And
every lover, In and out my
life, I've hit, love and
left the tears
Without a care
Until I met this girl who
turned the tables around
She caught me by surprise
I never thought I'd be the
one breaking down, I can't
figure it out, why...
I'm so
(caught up)
Got me feeling it
I don't know what it
is, But it seems she's got
me twisted I'm so
(caught up)
Got me feeling it
I'm losing control, This
girl's got a hold on me
My mama told me Be careful
who you do 'cause karma
comes back around Same old
song But I was so sure
That it wouldn't happen to
me 'cause I know how to
put it down, But
I was so wrong
This girl was mean, she
really turned me out Her
body was so tight, I'm
looking for her in the
daytime with a flashlight
My homies say this girl is
cramping my style, And
I can't figure it out, but...
I'm so
(caught up)
Got me feeling it
I don't know what it
is, But it seems she's got
me twisted I'm so
(caught up)
Got me feeling it
I'm losing control, This
girl's got a hold
I'm so
(caught up)
Really feeling it
I don't know what it
is, But it seems she's got
me twisted I'm so
(caught up)
Really feeling it
I'm losing control, This
girl's got a hold on me
Usher: Sing it loud, I'm
black and I'm proud.
(caught up)
Say it loud
Doing it in the park,
doing it after dark.
Oh yeah.
Come on, Come on.
Yeah.
Come on.
Come on y'all.
Oh yeah.
Let me hear ya.
One more time.
Oh yeah.
Sing it out.
Up in the club with my
homies, tryna get a lil'
V-I, but keep it down on
the low key, 'cause you
know how it feels.
I saw shorty she was
checkin' up on me, from
the game she was spittin'
in my ear you would think
that she knew me.
So we decided to chill
Conversation got heavy,
she had me feelin' like
she's ready to blow!
Oh!
She's saying,
"Come get me!
Come get me." So I got up
and followed her to the
floor, she said, "Baby,
let's go." That's when I
told her I said
Yeah
(yeah)
shorty got down low and
said come and get me Yeah
(yeah)
I got so caught up I
forgot she told me Yeah
(yeah)
her and my girl used to
be the best of homies Yeah
(yeah)
next thing I knew
she was all up
on me screaming:
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
Yeah, yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
Yeah, yeah!
Yeah!
So she's all up in my head
now, got me thinking that
it might be a good idea to
take her with me, 'Cause
she's ready to leave
(ready to leave)
But I gotta keep it real
now, 'cause on a one to
ten she's a certified
twenty, but that
just ain't me.
Hey.
Because I don't know if
I take that chance just
where is it gonna lead,
But what I do know is the
way she dance makes
shorty alright with me.
The way she
(get low)
I'm like yeah, just
work that out for me.
She asked for one more
dance and I'm Like yeah,
how the hell am I
supposed to leave?
And I said
Yeah
(yeah)
shorty got down low and
said come and get me Yeah
(yeah)
I got so caught up I
forgot she told me Yeah
(yeah)
her and my girl used to
be the best of homies Yeah
(yeah)
next thing I knew
she was all up
on me screaming:
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
Yeah, yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
Yeah, yeah!
Yeah!
Take that and rewind it
back, Ursher got the voice
to make ya booty go
(clap)
Take back and rewind it
back Roots Crew got the
beat that make
your booty go
(yeah)
Take back rewind it back
you ain't even left yet,
but we need you back
(yeah)
Take back rewind it
back, rewind it back
Audience Members: (applause)
Usher: We love you.
Narrator: When our
celebration continues,
First Lady, Michelle
Obama, joins the man
himself, President Obama,
as we say our final
good-byes to the nation's
first black president.
Its BET's Love and
Happiness:
An Obama Celebration.
Audience Members: (applause)
Terence Jade: It's hard
to put into words and
articulate what your
presidency has meant to us.
You stood up for farmers, for our universities, for
our outraged youth, for
our LGBT community, for
all of our brothers and
sisters across the nation,
thank you so much.
Your accomplishments mean
a better future for all
of us for generations
to come.
Audience Members: (applause)
Regina Hall: We know that
you are not finished with
your legacy, that your
next chapter, mentoring
vulnerable youth,
may be your greatest.
Terence Jade: Ladies and
gentlemen, please welcome
President Barack Obama,
and First Lady Michelle Obama.
Audience Members: (applause)
Terence Jade: Guys,
President Barack Obama!
Audience Members: (applause)
The President: Well, on
behalf of Michelle and
myself, this was
spectacular.
Audience Members: Yes.
(applause)
The President: And I
want to thank BET --
Male Speaker: Yes.
The President: -- for
agreeing to film, Barack
Obama's block party.
Audience Members: (laughter and applause)
The President:
Where's Dave?
You got your block party;
I've got my block party.
Audience Members: (laughter and applause)
The President: Could
everybody please give a
huge round of applause to
this incredible
collection of artists.
Audience Members: (applause)
The President: On behalf
of both of us, anything
that we've accomplished,
it was because there were
people lifting us
up all the time.
And we've just got such
an incredible group of
friends here who have had
our backs from day one.
And for that we will
always be grateful.
So thank you very much --
Audience Members: (applause)
The President:
-- we love you.
God bless you.
♪ (music playing) ♪
Audience Members: (applause)
The President: Thank
you, everybody.
God bless you.
Regina Hall: Ladies and
gentlemen, the Roots.
♪ (music playing) ♪